---
title: Humanity Check Frequently Asked Questions | UD Developer Portal
description: Frequently asked questions about the Humanity Check feature of the Login With Unstoppable service.
---

# Humanity Check Frequently Asked Questions

## Do users need to do a Humanity Check to use their domains?

No, it is entirely opt-in.

## Can Humanity Check replace KYC?

Yes, because it is a decentralized KYC solution.

## Will there be support for corporate verification in the future?

Yes.

## How/where is user data stored? How do they know their data is safe?

Persona is an identity verification industry leader and works with cryptocurrency exchanges such as BlockFi, Swan, Dacxi and TantraLabs, as well as companies such as Square and Postmates to help facilitate identity verification. Persona securely stores all photos of identity documents that you upload, photos of your face that you upload, and data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload in an encrypted format on their servers.

Persona will not sell, lease, trade, or, other than to provide the Verification to their partners.  Persona will not disclose, redisclose, or otherwise disseminate data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload unless doing so:

* A. Completes a Customer transaction requested and authorized by you or your legally authorized representative;
* B. Is required by state or federal law, or municipal ordinance;
* C. Is required pursuant to a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction;
* or D. Is expressly consented to by you.

Persona does not use, share, rent or sell the Personal Data of our Users’ Customers for interest-based advertising. We do not sell or rent the Personal Data of our Users, their Customers or our Site visitors.

See the [Persona Security and Privacy](https://withpersona.com/security) page for more information.

## What happens to user personal data? Is it stored on web2?

Persona collects a set of information (documentary, selfie, non-documentary) to identify users, and deter would-be fraudsters. This information is stored in a dashboard to track verifications and corresponding decisions (pass / fail).

However, Unstoppable Domains and Login With Unstoppable-integrated apps **do not have access** to this data. They only have access to the randomized **Persona ID** that is generated by the verification process.

## Does UD have access to personal data?

**NO**, once users verify they are given a randomly-generated number that represents their Persona ID number.  

## Is the data on-chain?

The randomized **Persona ID** that is created during the verification process is off-chain data. The personal information (selfie photo and photo of ID) is held on Persona’s server.

## Does this mean Unstoppable Domains is becoming a centralized entity?

No.

## Is there a roadmap to move this process to web3?

We partner on the identity verification side of the humanity check. To be fully decentralized we’d need an identity provider that was decentralized. Due to the nature of how the personal identity is verified, finding such a provider may be a few years out. We are open to suggestions if the community has a decentralized identity provider recommendation for partnership.

## Why not use other services like bright ID?

UD does due diligence on all its partners and is always looking for new ones. UD uses their current partner because of their trust in the space

## Wouldn’t some partners rather have more personal data access and control?

There are a number of advantages for decentralized apps to use humanity check with login with unstoppable versus partner with an identity provider themselves.

1. DApps won’t need to manage PII data
2. DApps don’t need to pay for verifications
3. DApp users can go through humanity check once and use the check across every integrated DApp for Unstoppable Domains.

## Can users attach the same unique ID to several wallets/domains?

No. The Persona ID is associated with a single Web3 domain.

## Can users transfer their Humanity Check to another domain?

No, but this feature is in development.
